So let's talk a little bit
about route 53 in this case.
Route 53 which despite me having
looking up where route 53 is
in the US multiple times.
So that I can make some kind of comment
at this exact moment I've since
forgotten where it is,
is basically their DNS service, right?
And route 53 has a lot of really
cool features most of which we
don't need in this case.
It has stuff like, cool you can have
your servers hosted multiple places and
it will detect if one goes down and
doesn't pass a health check and
route all the traffic to another server.
Or if one is slower from a given place it
will route it to the faster one so on and
so forth.
We need it for registering a domain name.
If you have a domain name somewhere
else you can use that you do need to
probably tell route 53
about it at some point.
One of the reasons though,
if you are going to get a new domain name
that I would recommend doing route 53 is
hooking it up to some of the other Amazon
stuff is incredibly simple, right?
If you host it somewhere else and
like it's going to be
a little bit trickier, right?
There are guides on how to point it route
53 and then get the rest of that for
free that's kind of
somewhat outside the scope
of this because each one
will be slightly different.
But I'm gonna go ahead and register
a domain with route 53 in this case.
This is a totally optional part if you
don't want to do it, you don't have to.
I'm gonna do it for
anyone that needs to, right,
or wants to but if you just want to use
whatever the CloudFront domain that we
get towards the end of
the workshop is totally fine.
You won't miss out on anything
except some ridiculous
domain name as I live shop for
domain names.
Awesome whenever you try to get a.com.
We'll go ahead and say what's a dot cheap
Not too cheap,
too cheap to pay for a dot cheap.
I'm not paying $30 for a domain name.
Dot click, where's dot click?
Yeah three, yeah,
dot click is three bucks.
We're gonna do that.
So we'll go ahead and
say super awesome dot.
Nope don't put that space
in there autocomplete.
Awesome and put that in my cart
on pay $3 for this domain name.
I'm gonna pause for a moment in
case you're doing this with me.
I've done this now multiple times.
And every time I put it in the cart, and
I look for
the button to buy the domain name.
Yeah, some of you are like,
I don't see the button.
Don't scroll.
You got to scroll all the way down and
it's underneath.
The rest of the options have once
you could have put in your cart,
it lives down there.
It doesn't matter how many
times I've done this.
I literally just now was like,
where's the button, and
then I remembered how
angry I get this moment.
Cool, at that point you will put
in your registering contact.
So I'm also going to we're going
to cut to a break in a second and
I'm going to fill this piece out.
So I've registered it,
the one thing I want to point out is
theoretically I have received an email.
I have 15 days to verify that email
if not they will suspend it and
they are reminding me that a suspended
domain is not available on the Internet,
which is my understanding of what would
happen if you suspended a domain.
So if you right now want to go check,
you can go absolutely do that.
I'm not.
I live dangerously also,
I'm not super invested in this.
So you can see domain
registration is in progress.
So that is good we will
kind of let that cook for
a little bit it's like a cooking show
where you put something in the oven for
a little bit and maybe there's an already
done Turkey somewhere as well.
We'll let that cook and
we'll go back to setting up our S3 bucket.
So with that, we'll say S3,
One thing that we don't have to really
worry about now because S3 is global is
there are certain things that like for
instance some of the lambda edge
stuff that we're gonna talk about that
is only available in US East one.
So I'm going to kind of
point that out now and
remind later we're still
not at that point yet.
But right now at this moment
in Minneapolis, Minnesota,
I guess closest to US East Two, Denver
gets me closer to US West so it's real,
real hit or
miss where we make those decisions.
But be in US East one for
this workshop is probably the easiest.
Otherwise you might have to sometimes
jump over to US East one for things.
So I will kind of point
that out at some point.
But, S3 is global in this case, so we
don't necessarily need to worry about it.
Let's go ahead.
We have two buttons that we can click,
for creating a bucket,
whichever one makes you happier.
For me personally, the orange one makes
me happier, so I'm gonna click that one,
and we're gonna give it a name and
superawesome.click.
And here's my first opportunity
to put this in the right region.
So I'm gonna go put it in US East one.
Like I said, it's not a total requirement,
generally speaking, if for some reason,
like let's say this was a bucket that you
were doing a bunch of data analytics, and
you needed to use it as a data lake.
So you could process stuff from your local
machines or something along those lines,
you might choose a region closest to you.
It doesn't always have to be US East one,
just to make sure we're all on the same
page, both on the live stream and
recording and in the room,
let's all just get in the same region.
And let's make that US East one for
some reasons.
Not all Amazon features
are available in all the regions but
US East one almost always
gets everything first.
So it's make sense to just pick that
one as our default in this case.
All right, we don't seek to choose an
existing bucket to copy our settings from.
That should be obvious why the reason
because we don't have one.
Okay, so then ACLs for
specific objects, access control lists,
we're gonna go with the recommended
option here, which is don't do it.
This is going to be a controversial
section that we're going to have to,
we're gonna turn on and
off at different points in our lives.
This is blocked all public
access settings for the bucket.
At various times,
there weren't as much rules around this
as why people ended up with the public
buckets sometimes are also I've heard
stories where there was an outage.
Somebody made the bucket public real
quick to go ahead and fix something.
Then the outage was over.
The bucket was still public, right?
So, but it's tricky for us, right?
We want to put a webpage on the Internet
people to look at publicly, right?
So for us at this moment we're going to
turn it off because we don't have all
the pieces we need to kind of do the kind
of wiring through AWS around this stuff.
So we're going to turn it off for
now you can see that they are very,
very strict about this, we will add
some policies stuff along those lines.
But for now,
that is going to be the case and
we'll talk about different things that
we can do at various points as well.
Okay, we talked about bucket
versioning earlier in the slides.
This was again if you wanna keep every
previous version we have get where we
can go back to previous versions.
Also, in the case of the react app that
I have webpack is going to stamp each
version.
And so the same way I told you that, I
don't delete the previous generated files.
It's kinda like I have my own versioning,
right, in my eyes.
But if you were storing things where
you might need all the previous
versions of whatever their data was,
you can turn versioning on.
It does incur a cost because
it's just more storage, right?
So we're gonna keep that disabled and
we'll have the tags we're
not gonna be using them.
We again also don't need
server side encryption and
advanced settings we
don't need that either.
And with that I have my first bucket.